DOC-4852: Restructure the ToC for Query Topics (#592)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/n1ql/pages/n1ql_application_continuity.adoc

= N1QL Application Continuity

> No special strategy is required to ensure N1QL application continuity when upgrading to Couchbase Server {page-version}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No special strategy is required to ensure N1QL application continuity during Couchbase Server upgrades if you are already running Couchbase Server 5.0 or later.
If you are on a pre-5.0 release, special care must be taken to ensure N1QL application continuity if 5.x is part of your upgrade path.
```

> * Refer to xref:install:upgrade.adoc[Upgrading Couchbase Server] to upgrade Couchbase Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to xref:install:upgrade.adoc[Upgrading Couchbase Server] for more information about upgrade paths.
```
